You should be here
No, I also want to participate in our great Acre
Tournament of the game
So what if I came to participate?
What's your business?
You are a country bumpkin
Dare to touch the game
Don't you think
Games can make money off of your damn luck
Ah, that's right, I'm not lying.
Here I come
Just to come to worship the ghost hand day as a teacher
Take me as your teacher
I advise you not to stand in my way
Otherwise, I will throw you into the sea to feed the fish
Ah hum
Miss Jin, I am Mr. Shi Jia Shi Tian
This is a little thought from our Shi family
You are very sensible
Smecta, please take a seat
Thank you boss, don't worry.
I have already agreed with Manager Jin in advance.
Which game do you like today?
Which one is yours?
There is Mr. Park
You will be indispensable later.
Oh, by the way, Miss Kim
When will the ghost hand arrive?
When I was 10, I came here carefully and well-informed
Mr. Ghost Beast is very mysterious in the ancient street
And very powerful people
So we prepared for Mr. Ghost Beast today
The most exalted welcome ceremony
This place.
That's what we gave Mr. Ghost Beast a first-class position
It's almost time.
Mr. Ghost Hand should be here soon